README.md -> infra — documentation
AGENTS.md -> infra — instructions dev
eslint.config.mjs -> infra — config eslint
next-env.d.ts -> types — types partagés
package.json -> infra — dépendances projet
...
eslint-plugin-internal/package.json -> infra — dépendances plugin
playwright/playwright.config.ts -> infra — config Playwright
tsconfig/tsconfig.ci.json -> infra — config typescript
tsconfig/tsconfig.eslint.json -> infra — config typescript
vitest.config.ts -> infra — config Vitest

apps/web/tests/_legacy/fixtures/relations.ts -> domain
packages/domain/src/normalize.ts -> domain
packages/services/src/adapters/index.ts -> domain
packages/services/src/adapters/userAdapter.ts -> domain
packages/services/src/app/createUser.ts -> domain
packages/services/src/app/index.ts -> domain
scripts/codemod-rewrite-imports.ts -> domain
tooling/eslint-plugin-internal/index.js -> domain
tooling/eslint/eslint/rules/no-onclick-wrapper.ts -> domain
README-REFACTOR.md -> infra
apps/web/amplify_outputs.json -> infra
apps/web/tests/README.md -> infra
doc.txt -> infra
scripts/refactor-architecture.sh -> infra
tooling/eslint-plugin-internal/package.json -> infra
tooling/tsconfig/tsconfig.ci.json -> infra
tooling/tsconfig/tsconfig.eslint.json -> infra
yarn.lock -> infra
apps/web/tests/_legacy/mocks/amplifyClient.ts -> services
apps/web/tests/_legacy/setupTests.ts -> services
packages/services/src/adapters/httpClient.ts -> services
tooling/playwright/playwright.config.ts -> services
apps/web/src/entities/core/hooks/__tests__/useModelForm.test.tsx -> tests
apps/web/src/entities/core/services/__tests__/cascade.test.ts -> tests
apps/web/src/entities/core/services/__tests__/crudService.test.ts -> tests
apps/web/src/entities/core/utils/__tests__/syncManyToMany.test.ts -> tests
apps/web/src/entities/models/author/__tests__/form.test.ts -> tests
apps/web/src/entities/models/author/__tests__/useAuthorForm.test.ts -> tests
apps/web/src/entities/models/comment/__tests__/service.test.ts -> tests
apps/web/src/entities/models/post/__tests__/form.test.ts -> tests
apps/web/src/entities/models/post/__tests__/usePostForm.test.ts -> tests
apps/web/src/entities/models/section/__tests__/form.test.ts -> tests
apps/web/src/entities/models/tag/__tests__/form.test.ts -> tests
apps/web/src/entities/models/tag/__tests__/hooks.test.tsx -> tests
apps/web/src/entities/models/todo/__tests__/service.test.ts -> tests
apps/web/src/entities/models/userName/__tests__/form.test.ts -> tests
apps/web/src/entities/models/userProfile/__tests__/form.test.ts -> tests
apps/web/src/entities/relations/postTag/__tests__/service.test.ts -> tests
apps/web/src/entities/relations/sectionPost/__tests__/service.test.ts -> tests
apps/web/tests/unit/example.dom.test.tsx -> tests
packages/domain/tests/example.domain.test.ts -> tests
packages/services/src/adapters/__tests__/example.adapter.test.ts -> tests
packages/services/src/app/__tests__/example.usecase.test.ts -> tests
scripts/codemod-rewrite-test-imports.ts -> tests
scripts/migrate-tests-to-architecture.sh -> tests
tooling/vitest/vitest.config.ts -> tests
apps/web/app/blog/[slug]/PostClient.tsx -> ui
apps/web/app/blog/[slug]/page.tsx -> ui
apps/web/app/blog/_blog.scss -> ui
apps/web/app/blog/sections/[slug]/SectionClient.tsx -> ui
apps/web/app/blog/sections/[slug]/page.tsx -> ui
apps/web/app/fonts/GeistMonoVF.woff -> ui
apps/web/app/fonts/GeistVF.woff -> ui
apps/web/app/fonts/MontserratV2.woff2 -> ui
apps/web/app/fonts/RobotoFlex.woff2 -> ui
apps/web/app/services/_tarifs.scss -> ui
apps/web/public/favicon.ico -> ui
apps/web/public/img/about/INFO.svg -> ui
apps/web/public/img/brand/Brand-Logo.svg -> ui
apps/web/public/img/contact/bg-contact.svg -> ui
apps/web/public/img/contact/icon/announcement.svg -> ui
apps/web/public/img/contact/icon/clock.svg -> ui
apps/web/public/img/contact/icon/key.svg -> ui
apps/web/public/img/contact/icon/location.svg -> ui
apps/web/public/img/contact/icon/mail.svg -> ui
apps/web/public/img/contact/icon/phone.svg -> ui
apps/web/public/img/favicon.ico -> ui
apps/web/public/img/favicon/apple-touch-icon.png -> ui
apps/web/public/img/favicon/favicon-16x16.png -> ui
apps/web/public/img/favicon/icons/android-chrome-192x192.png -> ui
apps/web/public/img/favicon/icons/android-chrome-512x512.png -> ui
apps/web/public/img/favicon/icons/favicon-32x32.png -> ui
apps/web/public/img/favicon/logo.svg -> ui
apps/web/public/img/retroviseur.svg -> ui
apps/web/public/img/services/ACC.svg -> ui
apps/web/public/img/services/Concentration.svg -> ui
apps/web/public/img/services/SCD.svg -> ui
apps/web/public/img/services/Stress.svg -> ui
apps/web/public/img/services/TRAGECTOIRE.svg -> ui
apps/web/public/img/services/TYPO-LOGO.svg -> ui
apps/web/public/img/services/Trophy.svg -> ui
apps/web/public/img/services/aside-bg.svg -> ui
apps/web/public/img/services/cours-de-conduite.webp -> ui
apps/web/public/img/services/road-Beginner.svg -> ui
apps/web/public/img/services/road-confirmed.svg -> ui
apps/web/public/img/slider/b.svg -> ui
apps/web/public/img/slider/comp/slider-road.svg -> ui
apps/web/public/img/slider/flag.svg -> ui
apps/web/public/img/slider/location-p1.svg -> ui
apps/web/public/img/slider/location-p2.svg -> ui
apps/web/public/img/slider/slider-road-medium.svg -> ui
apps/web/public/img/slider/slider-road-small.svg -> ui
apps/web/public/img/slider/slider-road.svg -> ui
apps/web/public/img/utils/arrows.svg -> ui
apps/web/public/img/utils/bulle-bd.svg -> ui
apps/web/src/assets/styles/00_utils/_fonts.scss -> ui
apps/web/src/assets/styles/00_utils/_functions.scss -> ui
apps/web/src/assets/styles/00_utils/_mixins.scss -> ui
apps/web/src/assets/styles/00_utils/_variables.scss -> ui
apps/web/src/assets/styles/01_base/_general.scss -> ui
apps/web/src/assets/styles/01_base/_media-query.scss -> ui
apps/web/src/assets/styles/01_base/_navToggler.scss -> ui
apps/web/src/assets/styles/03_pages/_page.scss -> ui
apps/web/src/assets/styles/amplify/_auth.core.scss -> ui
apps/web/src/assets/styles/amplify/_auth.form.scss -> ui
apps/web/src/assets/styles/amplify/_auth.mixins.scss -> ui
apps/web/src/assets/styles/amplify/_auth.overrides.scss -> ui
apps/web/src/assets/styles/amplify/_auth.variables.scss -> ui
apps/web/src/assets/styles/components/_modal.scss -> ui
apps/web/src/assets/styles/components/forms/_EditField.scss -> ui
apps/web/src/assets/styles/components/forms/_EditableField.scss -> ui
apps/web/src/assets/styles/components/forms/_EntityEditor.scss -> ui
apps/web/src/assets/styles/components/forms/_EntityForm.scss -> ui
apps/web/src/assets/styles/components/forms/_ItemSelector.scss -> ui
apps/web/src/assets/styles/components/forms/_ReadOnlyView.scss -> ui
apps/web/src/assets/styles/components/forms/_SelectField.scss -> ui
apps/web/src/assets/styles/components/forms/_SeoFields.scss -> ui
apps/web/src/assets/styles/main.css.map -> ui
apps/web/src/components/Form/ReadOnlyView.tsx -> ui
apps/web/src/components/Legal/ApplicableLaw.tsx -> ui
apps/web/src/components/Profile/_UserNameManager.scss -> ui
apps/web/src/components/Profile/_UserProfileManager.scss -> ui
apps/web/src/components/button/_button.scss -> ui
apps/web/src/components/checkbox/_input-checkbox.scss -> ui
apps/web/src/components/footer/_footer.scss -> ui
apps/web/src/components/forms/ReadOnlyView.tsx -> ui
apps/web/src/components/header/_header.scss -> ui
apps/web/src/components/header/navLink/NavLinkShow.tsx -> ui
apps/web/src/components/loader/_loader.scss -> ui
apps/web/src/components/svg_Icon/Blog.jsx -> ui
apps/web/src/components/svg_Icon/Connection.jsx -> ui
apps/web/src/components/svg_Icon/Contact.jsx -> ui
apps/web/src/components/svg_Icon/Home.jsx -> ui
apps/web/src/components/svg_Icon/Logo.jsx -> ui
apps/web/src/components/svg_Icon/Reservation.jsx -> ui
apps/web/src/components/svg_Icon/Search.jsx -> ui
apps/web/src/components/svg_Icon/SearchClose.jsx -> ui
apps/web/src/components/svg_Icon/Services.jsx -> ui
apps/web/src/components/svg_Icon/Tarifs.jsx -> ui
apps/web/src/components/svg_Icon/social/Facebook.jsx -> ui
apps/web/src/components/svg_Icon/social/Instagram.jsx -> ui
apps/web/src/components/svg_Icon/social/Linkedin.jsx -> ui
apps/web/src/components/svg_Icon/social/TikTok.jsx -> ui
apps/web/src/components/svg_Icon/social/Twitter.jsx -> ui
apps/web/src/components/svg_Icon/social/WhatsApp.jsx -> ui
apps/web/src/components/svg_Icon/social/Youtube.jsx -> ui
apps/web/src/components/svg_Icon/utils/Arrow.jsx -> ui
apps/web/src/components/svg_Icon/utils/CheckedIcon.jsx -> ui
apps/web/src/home/about/_about.scss -> ui
apps/web/src/home/contact-section/_contact.scss -> ui
apps/web/src/home/contact-section/contactForm/_form.scss -> ui
apps/web/src/home/service/_questionaire.scss -> ui
apps/web/src/home/service/_services.scss -> ui
apps/web/src/home/service/beginner/_beginner.scss -> ui
apps/web/src/home/service/confirmed/_confirmed.scss -> ui
apps/web/src/home/slider/SliderArrow.tsx -> ui
apps/web/src/home/slider/_slider.scss -> ui
apps/web/src/home/slider/_sliderArrow.scss -> ui
apps/web/src/home/slider/_sliderCTA.scss -> ui
apps/web/src/home/slider/_sliderContent.scss -> ui
apps/web/src/home/slider/_sliderInfo.scss -> ui
apps/web/src/home/slider/_sliderRoad.scss -> ui
apps/web/src/home/slider/_sunBG.scss -> ui
docs/audit/menu-deps.svg -> ui
packages/ui/src/components/Button.tsx -> ui
tsconfig.tsbuildinfo -> ui
